hey how's it gone Dave 2d here so
Microsoft came up with a bunch of new
products recently but the two most
interesting to me were the surface book
3 and the surface headphones two I'm
going to talk about this one first and
then the headphones later now if you're
unfamiliar with what a surface book is
it is a powerful tablet running an Intel
CPU and it's got the screen and a
battery inside this tablet thing but it
can connect to a base and the base has
an awesome keyboard it's got its own
battery but most importantly and most
uniquely it has a graphics card inside
it like a dedicated GPU or you can get
the options for dedicated GPUs now
connecting the two is this very unique
hinge that kind of defines the whole
surface book family and is this
segmented mechanism that works
incredibly well for what it's meant to
do which is to support a relatively
heavy tablet on to this laptop - and one
device now this is the third generation
of it the first and second ever viewed
this year they didn't change too much on
the exterior but it did receive some
notable performance upgrades both in
hardware and software so the big one is
the GPU this year they've now been
upgraded to gtx 1660 TI max-q and it
pumps out way better graphical
performance than last year's model
fairly capable in games and can be good
for certain applications that can make
use of the extra GPU power but there are
limitations with the system because of
the detachable nature of a surface book
and the other thing that's been upgraded
is the CPU is now running 10th gen Intel
CPUs that are mildly faster than the
previous generation but it is still a 4
core CPU so don't expect massive gains
on that front it does have a better
integrated GPU though so if you're just
using the tablet component and you're
not connected to the base unit you do
have better graphical kick with the new
10th gen CPUs ok other things that have
been upgraded it's now running faster
SSDs and the Wi-Fi has been upgraded
it's now running Intel branded Wi-Fi 6
instead of their older Marvell non Wi-Fi
6 stuff and they've bumped up the
wattage on the AC adapter so you don't
have that weird power drain that was
happening on last year's 15-inch model
now something that's always bugs me
about the older surface models it's a
minor thing but they fixed it finally it
would be improved it's that there's an
ejection sequence when
comes to surface books we're yet to
press the button wait for a little
message to pop up and then you can
remove it on the older ones that
sequence took a while and really that
featured like that functionality of a
detachable screen is what defines this
entire product category not just the
surface book but all of the surface
tablets it's just that the book is the
only one with a delay and when there's a
delay it ruins the whole flow right
they've increased the speed of ejection
significantly it's now like maybe a
second before it used to be three so
this is this is nice it's something that
I think a lot of the users wanted to
they would have liked to have seen it
and they delivered I like that now there
are some things they still haven't
changed like there's still enough phone
about three and AC adapters still using
surface connect to power instead of a
USBC charger I think some people really
like the Microsoft Surface connect I
prefer use b/c but that's just a
personal preference and if you tried to
swap like if you take a surface book to
screen and you try to put it on this
thing like the base of this it knows
what you're trying to do it won't work
um and the battery life surprisingly
feels worse this year I only got around
7 1/2 hours with the screen at 250 nits
now there are some things that they
didn't change that have always been
awesome so the screen it's bright its
color accurate this is a really good
screen with a perfect aspect ratio for
this type of product they've nailed it
before and it's still really good
keyboard for the most part hasn't really
changed the brightness and volume
controls are in a different spot this
year but it's an excellent keyboard I
think this is one of the best keyboards
in the market when it comes to any kind
of laptop or two and one that trackpad
is also really good Microsoft always has
good track pads on their surface
products and the webcam is one of the
best in the business
1080p it looks great with good auto
exposure the one thing that would have
been nice this year would have been a
higher refresh panel like I know it's
not a gaming laptop clearly and I know
the battery life would have been reduced
even further if they stuck a panel like
that into here but fast greens makes it
makes everything better you eyes
productivity apps everything is just a
little bit smoother when you have a high
refresh screen but it's not in there
okay I want to close off this surface
book conversation with kind of my
thoughts on the product category as a
whole right now Microsoft executes this
thing really well
there's stuff missing from and it's not
perfect but Microsoft usually does a
very good job with surface books and
this year it's just that much better
however I will say that in 2020 if
you're looking at a product like this
like the the market ish has shifted a
little bit like nowadays you can buy six
or eight core laptops that are thin and
light and very powerful that are cheaper
than something like this and they just
they just deliver they deliver
performance they deliver power that this
thing cannot because of the form factor
now a few years ago when the surface
books first came out the products
themselves were relatively powerful for
its time nowadays because these things
have four core CPUs and because there's
thermal limitations of a design like
this these things have fallen behind in
terms of just raw performance compared
to the other things that are out there
because you can pick up something like
an XPS or a razor blade or any of the
half-dozen premium thin and light
performance laptops out there and just
get a surface tablet and you'd have two
devices but you'd have two really
capable devices for those two different
needs this surface book 3 is super cool
but it's actually kind of weird to have
a GPU that's capable like this paired
with a fork or 15 watt CPU normally
companies don't do this but Microsoft
has to do it because there's thermal
limitations they can't put anything more
powerful in the screen like the the chip
has to be a particular wattage so if
you're gonna pick something like this up
make darn sure they're gonna make good
use of the detach ability because if
you're not there's probably a better
product or combination of products
that's better for you ok enough about
the surface book 3 let's talk about
surface headphones - everyone's talking
about these black ones the gray ones are
so much cooler
I feel like black headphones are
everywhere a nice gray colored headphone
like this not that common so I went for
the great ones I think these are so much
better than the previous generation
they're cheaper they sound better and
they have noticeably improved battery
life like the old ones were barely
getting 10 hours these are almost
hitting 20 hours from my use it's a
winner now the reason why I'm drawn to
this device in the first place is its
design aesthetic it looks really clean
and it's got these nice mechanical
controls of sound so you can increase
volume or decrease volume by spinning it
and on the other side you have noise
cancellation you can crank it up to
remove an ambient sound or some kind of
constant
environmental noise or you can crank it
the other way to amp up your
environmental sounds like a voice or
someone who's talking to you while you
have these on or just sounds in general
and they work quite well they're very
comfortable they're also quite durable
it's got a metal headband it's got
premium quality plastic the whole thing
feels really solid and the microphone is
also good like if you're taking a call
in it sounds clean and the the sound
that you're like whatever conversation
are having on that mic it gets projected
to the earphones you can actually hear
yourself talking so you don't scream
super loud like in this unnatural way it
feels very natural when you're using
this device okay so this is what I sound
like through the mic on these headphones
the good thing is that I can hear my own
voice like my voice is being piped into
the headphones as I talk but if I turn
like the noise cancellation back on ya
know it's all muffled you guys can't
hear a difference but for me I feel like
I'm just talking in a like in an
enclosed muffled room and I can't hear
anything
there is like a tweak that I do want the
surface had fun to that I don't know if
everyone's gonna like this but it's got
touch controls on the left and right I
remove that completely because I feel
like I accidentally hit that stuff all
the time I just don't have touch
controls that's just how I roll
and with that tweak it makes these my
favorite over your headphones available
right now I really like them
okay that's the surface headphone - this
was a surface book 3 hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs if you liked
it
subs have you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]